IMPORTANT:  This ApSIC software is supplied to you by ApSIC
S.L. ("ApSIC") in consideration of your agreement to the following
terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of
this ApSIC software constitutes acceptance of these terms.  If you do
not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or
redistribute this ApSIC software.

In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and
subject to these terms, ApSIC grants you a personal, non-exclusive
license, under ApSIC's copyrights in this original ApSIC software (the
"ApSIC Software"), to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the ApSIC
Software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms;
provided that if you redistribute the ApSIC Software in its entirety and
without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following
text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the ApSIC Software.
Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of ApSIC S.L. may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from the ApSIC Software
without specific prior written permission from ApSIC.  Except as
expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or
implied, are granted by ApSIC herein, including but not limited to any
patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other
works in which the ApSIC Software may be incorporated.

The ApSIC Software is provided by ApSIC on an "AS IS" basis.  APSIC
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE APSIC SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND
OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.

IN NO EVENT SHALL APSIC BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION,
MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE APSIC SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED
AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APSIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Copyright (C) 2015 ApSIC S.L. All Rights Reserved.
